from the high desert in the great
American Southwest on art bell and we're
going to start the night by opening up
the lines and I can already tell you
folks it's going to get very interesting
I'm getting some reports of strange
lights in the sky from the oklahoma area
affiliate in oklahoma city's telling us
that the state please get this a
reporting mysterious lights
I want those faster
all of them whatever it I want vengeance
if this is the path you are determined
to track
but there will be consequences go now
show them power of our people
I know your heart is with this place
temasek but you must take the fight to
them not let them make you their prey
I came here only to kill you
d really think you could have come this
side